CodeBook
========

Data description
----------------

Measurements for 30 volunteers performing activities while wearing a smartphone containing a accelerometer and gyroscope.

Variable description
--------------------

`X_train`: Contains the measurements from the training set.

`X_test`: Contains the measurements from the test set.

`features`: Contains the column names for the `X_train` & `X_test` data.

`X_full`: Contains the data from `X_train` & `X_test`.

`y_train`: Contains the labels for the training set.

`y_test`: Contains the labels for the test set.

`y_full`: Contains the data from both `y_train` & `y_test`.

`act_labels`: Contains the labels in a comprehendable string format instead of integers.

`subject_train`: Contains a list of subjects performing the measurements for the training set.

`subject_test`: Contains a list of subjects performing the measurements for the test set.

`subject_full`: Contains the data from both `subject_train` & `subject_test`.

`X_y_full`: Contains all data from the previous mentioned variables ending in `_full`.

`allIDs`: Contains a vector with column names for the columns containing IDs.

`allVariables`: Contains a vector with column names for the columns containing measurements.

`X_y_fullMelt`: Contains the data generated by a melt function using `X_y_full`, `allIDs` & `allVariables`.

`tidy_data`: Contains a dataset with the average of all measurements for every activity performed by every subject.

Column name abbreviations
-------------------------

Since full column names would be too long and not practical, abbreviations are used:

`t`: time domain signals

`-XYZ`: 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions

`Acc` : accelerometer

`Gyr`: gyroscope

`std`: standard deviation

`Avg`: average

`Body`: body acceleration

`Gravity`: gravity acceleration
